Update README for Code Lens features (#94)
Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails: README.md

Ruby LSP Rails is a [Ruby LSP](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp) extension for extra Rails editor features, such as:

- Displaying an ActiveRecord model's database columns and types when hovering over it

> - Running tests using a Code Lens, or with the Test Explorer view

Reviewer: Users may not necessarily know what a code lens is. Just a suggestion
```suggestion
- Running tests and debugging tests through the terminal or the editor's UI
```

## Usage

> ### Hover to reveal ActiveRecord schema

Reviewer: These features are all listed as part of our documentation generated by RDoc. Should we link to there instead to avoid repeating ourselves?
